She was only made the society president because she can whistle with her toes.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
They decided to plant an orchard of cotton candy.
He was 100% into fasting with her until he understood that meant he couldn't eat.
The hand sanitizer was actually clear glue.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
When he asked her favorite number, she answered without hesitation that it was diamonds.
Getting up at dawn is for the birds.
I'm not a party animal, but I do like animal parties.
Tomatoes make great weapons when water balloons aren’t available.
Sometimes, all you need to do is completely make an ass of yourself and laugh it off to realise that life isn’t so bad after all.
Even though he thought the world was flat he didn’t see the irony of wanting to travel around the world.
The two walked down the slot canyon oblivious to the sound of thunder in the distance.
The old rusted farm equipment surrounded the house predicting its demise.
She looked into the mirror and saw another person.
They looked up at the sky and saw a million stars.
Poison ivy grew through the fence they said was impenetrable.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
I would be delighted if the sea were full of cucumber juice.
He liked to play with words in the bathtub.
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.
It's never been my responsibility to glaze the donuts.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
There are over 500 starfish in the bathroom drawer.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
Swim at your own risk was taken as a challenge for the group of Kansas City college students.
She only paints with bold colors; she does not like pastels.
As he waited for the shower to warm, he noticed that he could hear water change temperature.
Erin accidentally created a new universe.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
Pantyhose and heels are an interesting choice of attire for the beach.
He embraced his new life as an eggplant.
So long and thanks for the fish.
He wondered why at 18 he was old enough to go to war, but not old enough to buy cigarettes.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
Red is greener than purple, for sure.
Nothing seemed out of place except the washing machine in the bar.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
I only enjoy window shopping when the windows are transparent.
He decided to fake his disappearance to avoid jail.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
The teenage boy was accused of breaking his arm simply to get out of the test.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
Being unacquainted with the chief raccoon was harming his prospects for promotion.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
Toddlers feeding raccoons surprised even the seasoned park ranger.
Nobody questions who built the pyramids in Mexico.
Her life in the confines of the house became her new normal.
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
I am my aunt's sister's daughter.
Mary realized if her calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than her computer browser history.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
The best key lime pie is still up for debate.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.
I received a heavy fine but it failed to crush my spirit.
As time wore on, simple dog commands turned into full paragraphs explaining why the dog couldn’t do something.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
Mom didn’t understand why no one else wanted a hot tub full of jello.
The worst thing about being at the top of the career ladder is that there's a long way to fall.
She did her best to help him.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
He found the end of the rainbow and was surprised at what he found there.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
There's a message for you if you look up.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
A quiet house is nice until you are ordered to stay in it for months.
The group quickly understood that toxic waste was the most effective barrier to use against the zombies.
A song can make or ruin a person’s day if they let it get to them.
The shark-infested South Pine channel was the only way in or out.
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.
She wanted a pet platypus but ended up getting a duck and a ferret instead.
I covered my friend in baby oil.
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
The beauty of the sunset was obscured by the industrial cranes.
The murder hornet was disappointed by the preconceived ideas people had of him.
It didn't take long for Gary to detect the robbers were amateurs.
Jim liked driving around town with his hazard lights on.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
She finally understood that grief was her love with no place for it to go.
Flying fish flew by the space station.
The tree fell unexpectedly short.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
Abstraction is often one floor above you.
If you don't like toenails, you probably shouldn't look at your feet.
The tattered work gloves speak of the many hours of hard labor he endured throughout his life.
This is a Japanese doll.
The teens wondered what was kept in the red shed on the far edge of the school grounds.
He had a hidden stash underneath the floorboards in the back room of the house.
Stop waiting for exceptional things to just happen.
Always bring cinnamon buns on a deep-sea diving expedition.
Plans for this weekend include turning wine into water.
Wisdom is easily acquired when hiding under the bed with a saucepan on your head.
Dan took the deep dive down the rabbit hole.
She was too busy always talking about what she wanted to do to actually do any of it.
Buried deep in the snow, he hoped his batteries were fresh in his avalanche beacon.
Giving directions that the mountains are to the west only works when you can see them.
If I don’t like something, I’ll stay away from it.
The bees decided to have a mutiny against their queen.
Beach-combing replaced wine tasting as his new obsession.
Iguanas were falling out of the trees.
The book is in front of the table.
Normal activities took extraordinary amounts of concentration at the high altitude.
Each person who knows you has a different perception of who you are.
The tears of a clown make my lipstick run, but my shower cap is still intact.
It was getting dark, and we weren’t there yet.
Sometimes it is better to just walk away from things and go back to them later when you’re in a better frame of mind.
She had that tint of craziness in her soul that made her believe she could actually make a difference.
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.
Three years later, the coffin was still full of Jello.
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
Everything was going so well until I was accosted by a purple giraffe.
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
Garlic ice-cream was her favorite.
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
That is an appealing treasure map that I can't read.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
Boulders lined the side of the road foretelling what could come next.
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
She felt that chill that makes the hairs on the back of your neck when he walked into the room.
Jerry liked to look at paintings while eating garlic ice cream.
The trick to getting kids to eat anything is to put catchup on it.
You have no right to call yourself creative until you look at a trowel and think that it would make a great lockpick.
There are no heroes in a punk rock band.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
The fifty mannequin heads floating in the pool kind of freaked them out.
He dreamed of eating green apples with worms.
The lyrics of the song sounded like fingernails on a chalkboard.
If you really strain your ears, you can just about hear the sound of no one giving a damn.
He stepped gingerly onto the bridge knowing that enchantment awaited on the other side.
She advised him to come back at once.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
Please wait outside of the house.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
When motorists sped in and out of traffic, all she could think of was those in need of a transplant.
The sudden rainstorm washed crocodiles into the ocean.
The doll spun around in circles in hopes of coming alive.
Now I need to ponder my existence and ask myself if I'm truly real
There are few things better in life than a slice of pie.
The stranger officiates the meal.
The rusty nail stood erect, angled at a 45-degree angle, just waiting for the perfect barefoot to come along.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
She insisted that cleaning out your closet was the key to good driving.
Flash photography is best used in full sunlight.
He invested some skill points in Charisma and Strength.
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
She was the type of girl that always burnt sugar to show she cared.
Today I dressed my unicorn in preparation for the race.
He put heat on the wound to see what would grow.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
I may struggle with geography, but I'm sure I'm somewhere around here.
Nudist colonies shun fig-leaf couture.
There is no better feeling than staring at a wall with closed eyes.
Before he moved to the inner city, he had always believed that security complexes were psychological.
The green tea and avocado smoothie turned out exactly as would be expected.
She did her best to help him.
Flesh-colored yoga pants were far worse than even he feared.
Kevin embraced his ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time.
Combines are no longer just for farms.
Had he known what was going to happen, he would have never stepped into the shower.
The old apple revels in its authority.
There can never be too many cherries on an ice cream sundae.
We're careful about orange ping pong balls because people might think they're fruit.
In the end, he realized he could see sound and hear words.
It was a slippery slope and he was willing to slide all the way to the deepest depths.
Please put on these earmuffs because I can't you hear.
We have a lot of rain in June.
It's important to remember to be aware of rampaging grizzly bears.
Karen realized the only way she was getting into heaven was to cheat.
Patricia loves the sound of nails strongly pressed against the chalkboard.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
25 years later, she still regretted that specific moment.
She discovered van life is difficult with 2 cats and a dog.
Behind the window was a reflection that only instilled fear.
All they could see was the blue water surrounding their sailboat.
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.
She opened up her third bottle of wine of the night.
People generally approve of dogs eating cat food but not cats eating dog food.
The rain pelted the windshield as the darkness engulfed us.
Fluffy pink unicorns are a popular status symbol among macho men.
Situps are a terrible way to end your day.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
He was an introvert that extroverts seemed to love.
She was the type of girl who wanted to live in a pink house.
Their argument could be heard across the parking lot.
The golden retriever loved the fireworks each Fourth of July.
Various sea birds are elegant, but nothing is as elegant as a gliding pelican.
As she walked along the street and looked in the gutter, she realized facemasks had become the new cigarette butts.
Joe made the sugar cookies; Susan decorated them.
She hadn't had her cup of coffee, and that made things all the worse.
She learned that water bottles are no longer just to hold liquid, but they're also status symbols.
Too many prisons have become early coffins.
When I was little I had a car door slammed shut on my hand and I still remember it quite vividly.
Peter found road kill an excellent way to save money on dinner.
Happiness can be found in the depths of chocolate pudding.
He would only survive if he kept the fire going and he could hear thunder in the distance.
If you spin around three times, you'll start to feel melancholy.
So long and thanks for the fish.
Harrold felt confident that nobody would ever suspect his spy pigeon.
The sign said there was road work ahead so he decided to speed up.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
He decided water-skiing on a frozen lake wasn’t a good idea.
The llama couldn't resist trying the lemonade.
I hear that Nancy is very pretty.
The bug was having an excellent day until he hit the windshield.
The old apple revels in its authority.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
They called out her name time and again, but were met with nothing but silence.
The blinking lights of the antenna tower came into focus just as I heard a loud snap.
Italy is my favorite country; in fact, I plan to spend two weeks there next year.
Cursive writing is the best way to build a race track.
Blue sounded too cold at the time and yet it seemed to work for gin.
The pigs were insulted that they were named hamburgers.
More RVs were seen in the storage lot than at the campground.
I've always wanted to go to Tajikistan, but my cat would miss me.
I was starting to worry that my pet turtle could tell what I was thinking.
The irony of the situation wasn't lost on anyone in the room.
Don't step on the broken glass.
I'm worried by the fact that my daughter looks to the local carpet seller as a role model.
While on the first date he accidentally hit his head on the beam.
The secret code they created made no sense, even to them.
She couldn't understand why nobody else could see that the sky is full of cotton candy.
He decided to live his life by the big beats manifesto.
The anaconda was the greatest criminal mastermind in this part of the neighborhood.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
All she wanted was the answer, but she had no idea how much she would hate it.
She was sad to hear that fireflies are facing extinction due to artificial light, habitat loss, and pesticides.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
I became paranoid that the school of jellyfish was spying on me.
Everybody should read Chaucer to improve their everyday vocabulary.
The clock within this blog and the clock on my laptop are 1 hour different from each other.
All you need to do is pick up the pen and begin.
He went back to the video to see what had been recorded and was shocked at what he saw.
I can't believe this is the eighth time I'm smashing open my piggy bank on the same day!
The river stole the gods.
The pet shop stocks everything you need to keep your anaconda happy.
Don't put peanut butter on the dog's nose.
The paintbrush was angry at the color the artist chose to use.
She moved forward only because she trusted that the ending she now was going through must be followed by a new beginning.
The child’s favorite Christmas gift was the large box her father’s lawnmower came in.
It was the best sandcastle he had ever seen.
He had reached the point where he was paranoid about being paranoid.
He barked orders at his daughters but they just stared back with amusement.
The truth is that you pay for your lifestyle in hours.
The miniature pet elephant became the envy of the neighborhood.
It was a really good Monday for being a Saturday.
I am never at home on Sundays.
I was fishing for compliments and accidentally caught a trout.
The mysterious diary records the voice.
She had a habit of taking showers in lemonade.
He watched the dancing piglets with panda bear tummies in the swimming pool.
I used to live in my neighbor's fishpond, but the aesthetic wasn't to my taste.
Hang on, my kittens are scratching at the bathtub and they'll upset by the lack of biscuits.
I don’t respect anybody who can’t tell the difference between Pepsi and Coke.
On a scale from one to ten, what's your favorite flavor of random grammar?
She looked at the masterpiece hanging in the museum but all she could think is that her five-year-old could do better.
Of course, she loves her pink bunny slippers.
Going from child, to childish, to childlike is only a matter of time.
That must be the tenth time I've been arrested for selling deep-fried cigars.
He wasn't bitter that she had moved on but from the radish.
Separation anxiety is what happens when you can't find your phone.
She could hear him in the shower singing with a joy she hoped he'd retain after she delivered the news.
The crowd yells and screams for more memes.
He always wore his sunglasses at night.
She was amazed by the large chunks of ice washing up on the beach.
It was difficult for Mary to admit that most of her workout consisted of exercising poor judgment.
It was at that moment that he learned there are certain parts of the body that you should never Nair.
David subscribes to the "stuff your tent into the bag" strategy over nicely folding it.
She was disgusted he couldn’t tell the difference between lemonade and limeade.
It isn't difficult to do a handstand if you just stand on your hands.
We have a lot of rain in June.
Today I bought a raincoat and wore it on a sunny day.
It would have been a better night if the guys next to us weren't in the splash zone.
I was very proud of my nickname throughout high school but today- I couldn’t be any different to what my nickname was.
They did nothing as the raccoon attacked the lady’s bag of food.
Sometimes you have to just give up and win by cheating.
The tortoise jumped into the lake with dreams of becoming a sea turtle.
The body piercing didn't go exactly as he expected.
There were a lot of paintings of monkeys waving bamboo sticks in the gallery.
He had unknowingly taken up sleepwalking as a nighttime hobby.
Mothers spend months of their lives waiting on their children.
They desperately needed another drummer since the current one only knew how to play bongos.
The door slammed on the watermelon.
He enjoys practicing his ballet in the bathroom.
Just because the water is red doesn't mean you can't drink it.
One small action would change her life, but whether it would be for better or for worse was yet to be determined.
The father died during childbirth.
